Fix grammar problems and otherwise try to improve wording. (#20022)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters.md

    username: exp
```

The `fake-ca-file`, `fake-cert-file` and `fake-key-file` above are the placeholders
for the pathnames of the certificate files. You need change these to the actual pathnames
of certificate files in your environment.

> Sometimes you may want to use Base64-encoded data embeddedhere instead of separate

Reviewer: I think this has a tiny regression:
```suggestion
Sometimes you may want to use Base64-encoded data embedded here, instead of separate
```
?

Author: Yep. Fixed.
